     Installation Process

    Note: This document has been superseded by the Smoke Alarm Manual.docx and Sensor
    Hub Manual.docx on OneDrive: User Manuals

1. Physically install the Hub and and power it on.
2. Open up the mobile Trader app, log in and proceed with the job assigned.
3. Scan QR code to connect the Hub.
4. The blue comms light on the Hub (the far right one) will be flashing. Wait around three
   minutes until it goes solid blue.
5. Tap refresh in app and it'll display as connected if it doesn’t refresh automatically.
6. Double-tap Alarm’s physical TEST button within 1s to put that alarm into pairing mode. The
   orange light will flash for two minutes while it's in pairing mode.
7. Scan and add that Alarm in the mobile app, the Alarm will beep to indicate success.
8. Repeat Steps 6 & 7 for other Alarms.
9. Done! Take photos and tap complete job.



    Previous installation notes below with more technical details:
Installation is two-part, with the Hub being installed initially, then alarms.

Hub
  Electrician logs into mobile app.
  Agent assigns Job (on a Property) to an electrician.
  Electrician receives push notification about Job.
  Electrician takes hardware to location and opens app ready to install.
  Electrician scans Hub QR code with app and installs Hub hardware, nominally behind the
  fridge.
  Electrician takes photos of Hub after it's installed.
  API activates SIM card and polls VERIFY command to Hub until a response is received.
  After 5-10 minutes, the SIM card will be active and the API will receive a VERIFY response
  from the Hub to indicate it's now online.

Alarms
  After Hub is installed, electrician will scan the alarm QR code with the app and install alarm
  as required.




  API will send ADD command to Hub, which will then link the alarm to that Hub taking around
  10 seconds.
  Electrician will repeat this process to add additional alarm(s) in property.
  Electrician takes photos of alarms after they're installed.
After all alarms are installed, electrician will run a Test, where the API will send the Hub a
 TEST event - and each alarm will sound in sequence.
With a positive response to the TEST event, installation is done and the electrician taps
confirm to sign off the Job.
