Infrastructure Hardening Standards




Configuration and Hardening Standards
Servers and Virtual Machines
This is the standard for system-level server and virtual server (VM) configuration hardening.
Some customization to these settings may be required to configure the system for its specific
target environment, such as setting the proper names, groups, authentication settings, and other
personalization options.
The OS baseline for our services will be the latest AWS managed machines.
In addition to the requirements to secure systems to the baseline outlined above, all physical
and virtual systems must adhere to the following technical requirements:
  All vendor defaults (including default passwords on operating systems, software providing
  security services, application and system accounts, Simple Network Management Protocol
  (SNMP) community strings, etc.) must be changed before a system is installed on the
  network.
  Unnecessary default accounts (including accounts used by operating systems, security
  software, applications, systems, SNMP, etc.) must be removed or disabled before a system is
  installed on the network.
  Only one primary function may be implemented per server or virtual machine to prevent
  functions that require different security levels from coexisting on the same system.
  Only necessary services, protocols, daemons, etc., may be enabled, and only as required for
  the function of the system. All unnecessary functionality (such as scripts, drivers, features,
  subsystems, file systems, and unnecessary web servers) must be disabled
  Additional security features for any required services, protocols or daemons that are
  considered to be insecure must be documented in Appendix B of this document, justified, and
  tested to ensure that they do not introduce unnecessary risk or vulnerabilities.
  All security patches identified as critical, high, or medium must be applied to systems within
  SLAs established in this policy.
Network Standards
Management of network rules and settings may only be performed by authorized members of
the DevOps team and all changes must comply with change Management procedures defined
in the Operations Security Policy.
Network diagrams must be created and kept current. Significant changes (additions or
deletions to VPCs and subnets, new external connections, etc.) must be documented in the
diagrams; even if no changes occurred, the diagrams will be reviewed at least annually for
completeness and accuracy, and approved/acknowledged (in version number/date field etc.)
by authorized members of the DevOps and Software Engineering teams.
Supported network controls for production networks are AWS Security Group ACLs.
Management of production network systems is accomplished through the use of the AWS
Console.
In the Production Environment, defined rules and configurations must be enforced to control
traffic from untrusted networks (e.g. publicly available services) to internal production
networks; additionally, rules must be in place to restrict traffic to and from production
networks to untrusted networks, and all inbound and outbound traffic must be evaluated by
the the traffic management configuration.
Network control systems must be configured to use default Network Address Translation to
prevent the disclosure of internal IP addresses to the Internet. If private IP addresses are
used, any disclosure to external parties must be appropriately authorized, documented, and
periodically reviewed for business necessity.
Mobile devices connecting to production networks must employ the use of a personal firewall
or equivalent (such as endpoint protection with network restrictions enabled). Disabling or
bypassing personal firewalls while connected to Sensor Global Pty Ltd systems is prohibited.
Personal firewalls must be configured to specific standards, including: disabling the use of
split tunneling, configurations to block known malicious sites, blocking of insecure protocols.
All network control systems must be configured with default antispoofing rules to block or
deny inbound internal addresses originating from the Internet
Network control systems may only allow established connections into the internal network
and must deny any inbound connections not associated with a previously established
session.
External configurations must limit inbound traffic to only system components that provide
authorized publicly accessible services, protocols, and ports.
Port and IP ranges are prohibited unless specifically reviewed and justified; all available
services must be justified, and support secure configurations, all other ports, services, and
network traffic must be specifically denied.
  Use of insecure services and protocols without justification and documentation of additional
  security features implemented to mitigate risk is prohibited.
  Remote access sessions must be configured to enforce timeout after a specified period of (X
  hours).
  Remote-access technologies for vendors and business partners used to access production
  systems must be enabled only when needed for business purposes and immediately
  deactivated after use.
  Any hybrid networks with both cloud and on-premise access shall be scanned and tested at
  least annually to ensure that security requirements are maintained
Specific NACLs, ports, zones, and services allowed in and out of the production environment are
defined below: Rules and allowed traffic must be evaluated at least annually and formally
approved by the Software Development Manager:

Source        Dest. Zone Source          Dest.         Service      Action        Purpose
Zone                     Address         Address
Trust         Dev           43.250.158. Odoo           SSH          Permit        Hardik Patel
                            239/32      Security                                  Home
                                        Groups
Trust         Dev           144.136.29.7 Odoo          SSH          Permit        Sensor
                            6/32         Security                                 Head Office
                                         Groups
 Trust         Dev          139.99.134.1 Odoo          SSH                        Syahrial
                            56/32        Security                                 Port Cities
                                         Groups
Trust         Dev           202.168.29. Odoo           SSH                        Sam Collins
                            41/32       Security
                                        Groups
Trust         Dev           139.99.170.1 Odoo          SSH                        Syahrial
                            49/32        Security                                 Port Cities
                                         Groups                                   Monitoring
Trust         Dev           58.161.9.24/ Odoo          SSH                        Mat Loftus
                            32           Security                                 Home
                                         Groups
Untrust   EXT     All   Web         HTTP    Permit   Allow
                        Services                     inbound
                                    HTTPS
                        and Load                     web
                        Balancers                    services
                                                     from the
                                                     Internet
Untrust   Trust   All   All         Any     Deny     Default
                                                     deny all
